Edit fi v5 feature request (#1157)
braintree/braintree_android: CHANGELOG.md

## unreleased

> * Add PayPal vault edit flow (BETA)
>   * Requires opt in - `@OptIn(ExperimentalBetaApi::class)`
>   * Add `PayPalClient.createEditAuthRequest()` for editing a buyers funding instrument

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* PayPal
  * Add PayPal vault edit flow (BETA)
    * Requires opt in - `@OptIn(ExperimentalBetaApi::class)`
    * Add `PayPalClient.createEditAuthRequest()` that takes in a `PayPalVaultEditRequest` or `PayPalVaultErrorHandlingEditRequest`
    * **Note:** This feature is currently in beta and may change or be removed in future releases
```

    * Make `PayPalPaymentAuthRequestParams` internal
    * Remove `PayPalPaymentAuthResultInfo`
    * Rename `PayPalLauncher.handleReturnToAppFromBrowser()` to `PayPalLauncher.handleReturnToApp()`
    * Add PayPal vault edit flow (BETA)
        * Requires opt in - `@OptIn(ExperimentalBetaApi::class)`

>         * Add `PayPalClient.createEditAuthRequest()` and `PayPalClient.edit()` for editing a buyers funding instrument

Reviewer 2: This should be in a `PayPal` section outside of the `Breaking Changes`
